README.md, before:

---
summary: 'Quick project summary shown here.'
time: '1 hour'
deliverables: '1 HTML file, 1 CSS file, 1 JS file, images'
---

# Markbot template

## Overview

- *Fork this repository.*
- List of tasks
- And details
- About the project
- Text can be found inside the `content.txt` file.
- **DO NOT change the HTML file.**
- *Run it through Markbot and make sure it passes all the checks.*

---

## Details

- *Typefaces:* `Lato`
- *Text sizes:* `1.125rem`, `0.875rem`, `1.5rem`
- *Colours:* `#fff`, `#000`, `#333`, `#666`, `#ccc`, `#f33`, `#933`
- *Button padding:* `0.4em 0.75em 0.3em`
- *Expected class names:* `.btn`, `.btn-small`, `.btn-big`, `.btn-subtle`, `.btn-ghost`, `.btn-warning`
- *Standard media query widths:* `25em`, `38em`, `60em`, `90em`
- *Standard text sizes & line heights:* `100%/1.3`, `110%/1.4`, `120%/1.5`, `130%/1.5`

---

## Goal

Visually match the images in the “screenshots” folder and create the interaction shown in the linked video.

- Final screenshots in the “screenshots” folder.
- [**Watch this video to see how it interacts.**](https://youtu.be/)

---

## Hand in

Drop this folder into your Markbot application. Make sure to fix all the errors. And submit to Canvas using Markbot.

---

## Optional challenges

*These challenges are here if you’d like to try a little more work—they are for extra experience and learning. They are completely optional and not graded. Show them to me if you’d like—I’d love to see them.*

1. Another thing that’s slightly more difficult.
2. And yet another thing.

Commit message:

Add marking rubric to the template

README.md, after:

---
summary: 'Quick project summary shown here.'
time: '1 hour'
deliverables: '1 HTML file, 1 CSS file, 1 JS file, images'
---

# Markbot template

## Overview

- *Fork this repository.*
- List of tasks
- And details
- About the project
- Text can be found inside the `content.txt` file.
- **DO NOT change the HTML file.**
- *Run it through Markbot and make sure it passes all the checks.*

---

## Details

- *Typefaces:* `Lato`
- *Text sizes:* `1.125rem`, `0.875rem`, `1.5rem`
- *Colours:* `#fff`, `#000`, `#333`, `#666`, `#ccc`, `#f33`, `#933`
- *Button padding:* `0.4em 0.75em 0.3em`
- *Expected class names:* `.btn`, `.btn-small`, `.btn-big`, `.btn-subtle`, `.btn-ghost`, `.btn-warning`
- *Standard media query widths:* `25em`, `38em`, `60em`, `90em`
- *Standard text sizes & line heights:* `100%/1.3`, `110%/1.4`, `120%/1.5`, `130%/1.5`

---

## Goal

Visually match the images in the “screenshots” folder and create the interaction shown in the linked video.

- Final screenshots in the “screenshots” folder.
- [**Watch this video to see how it interacts.**](https://youtu.be/)

---

## Marking rubric

Below is the rubric of expectations for this project. **You will be assigned a letter grade based on your standing within the rubric.**

| | 0 points | 1 points | 2 points | 3 points |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **** |  |  |  |  |

---

## Hand in

Drop this folder into your Markbot application. Make sure to fix all the errors. And submit to Canvas using Markbot.

1. Upload the assignment to GitHub and make sure it works
2. Submit the GitHub URL to Canvas

```
https://username.github.io/portfolio/
```

---

## Optional challenges

*These challenges are here if you’d like to try a little more work—they are for extra experience and learning. They are completely optional and not graded. Show them to me if you’d like—I’d love to see them.*

1. Another thing that’s slightly more difficult.
2. And yet another thing.
